So this was our initial question.
We finished our work locally,
what now
and I think we now know what we can do, right?
We talked about the different options that we have,
so are we a single user who just wants to keep the data for himself or are we part of an organization
that we have to work together on the data and share the data to other people in the end?
We talked about Power BI service in general and we saw how we can connect the Power BI Desktop results
to that Power BI service,
we did that with importing the data and also by installing a gateway. Additionally, we created our app
workspace to collaborate with other colleagues on the work we want to do.
After we finished that app workspace, we took a look at how we can share the results with other people
and we didn't only share the results with other people in Power BI service,
we additionally took a look at the Power BI mobile apps to understand what we can do with these apps and
how we can access our results from any mobile device as we prefer.
So this was it.
We now talked about the basic tools of the Power BI universe,
Power BI Desktop, Power BI service and Power BI mobile. And we could stop right here but we won't,
now it's time to dive a little bit deeper and to talk about some more specific topics regarding data
connections or custom visualizations
and this will be introduced to you by Maximillian in the next module.